Hello.

This is "tcl-hwloc", a Tcl package providing a binding to Hwloc, the
portable hardware locality library. This library provides portable
abstractions (across OS, versions, architectures, ...) of the
hierarchical topology of modern architectures, including NUMA memory
nodes, sockets, shared caches, cores and simultaneous multithreading.
It also gathers various system attributes such as cache and memory
information. It primarily aims at helping applications with gathering
information about modern computing hardware so as to exploit it
accordingly and efficiently.

"tcl-hwloc"s official source repository resides at

	http://code.google.com/p/tcl-hwloc/

in case you got the distribution containing this README from somewhere
else. This is also where to report any issues and feedback you may
have.

This package is a freely available open source package under the BSD
license. You can do virtually anything you like with it, such as
modifying it, redistributing it, and selling it either in whole or in
part.  See the file "license.terms" for complete information.

CONTENTS
========

The following is a short description of the files you will find in
this package:

Makefile.in	Makefile template.  The configure script uses this file to
		produce the final Makefile.

README		This file

aclocal.m4	Generated file.  Do not edit.  Autoconf uses this as input
		when generating the final configure script.  See "tcl.m4"
		below.

configure	Generated file.  Do not edit.  This must be regenerated
		anytime configure.in or tclconfig/tcl.m4 changes.

configure.in	Configure script template.  Autoconf uses this file as input
		to produce the final configure script.

pkgIndex.tcl.in Package index template.  The configure script will use
		this file as input to create pkgIndex.tcl.

generic/*.h	Internal header files.
generic/*.c	C code, the package's implementation.

doc/tcl-hwloc.man
doc/*.inc	The reference documentation, in doctools format.

doc/tcl-hwloc.html
doc/tcl-hwloc.n	Generated files. The reference documentation in nroff
		and HTML. This must be regenerated anytime the doc/*.man
		and doc/*.inc files change.

tclconfig/	This directory contains various template files that build
		the configure script.  They should not need modification.

	install-sh	Program used for copying binaries and script files
			to their install locations.

	tcl.m4		Collection of Tcl autoconf macros.  Included by
			aclocal.m4 to define SC_* macros.

BUILDING THE PACKAGE
====================

Requisites
----------

To build this package you have to have hwloc itself installed. 

Depending on what system you are on the system's vendor may provide
pre-made binaries for you, either by default, or through the vendors
package management system.

For example, on most Linux system's you should be able to install it
commands like

	apt-get install hwloc	(Debian and derived distributions (Ubuntu))
	yum install hwloc	(RedHat and derived deistributions)
	yast install hwloc	(SuSe and derived distributions)

etc. In case you wish to build it yourself, hwloc's sources,
distributions, documentation, etc. reside at

	http://www.open-mpi.org/projects/hwloc/

Even there it is recommended to use a pre-made source distribution, as
it contains a number of oyther things, like libtool, you would have to
build yourself should you go an use the source repository directly.

Follow their instructions to build and install the library on your
system, either in a default location or a custom location of your
choice.


Building The Binding
--------------------

Building on most systems is easy. Run the configure script first, then make. I.e.

	% configure
	...
	% make
	...
	% make install

The above assumes that you are building in the source directory itself.
When building from other directories simply do

	% /path/totclhwloc/configure
	...

as the first step.

So far the commands above install the package in a default directory
under /usr/local.

To install it somewhere else specify the --prefix on the command line
for configure, like so

	% configure --prefix=/path/to/installation/directory

Windows
-------

The above process works on Windows machines as well, assuming that
Msys + Mingw are installed. These provide a unix 'bash' and 'make' in
which the above commands can be run, plus a 'gcc' instalation.

The build can actually use MSVC's cl.exe as well, provided that the
proper Windows SDK was installed and setup in the environment.

Msys + Mingw can be found at

	http://www.mingw.org/

Cross-building the windows binaries from a unix machine is of course
possible as well.


INSTALLATION
============

The installation of "tcl-hwloc" is structured like so:

         $exec_prefix/lib/tclhwlocX.y/
		\
		pkgIndex.tcl
		tclhwloc shared library (.so|.dll|.sl|.dylib)

The shared library is linked directly against the hwloc shared library
and assumes that the OS loader will pick it up automatically,
properly.

Depending on the system you may have to run a command like

	% /sbin/ldconfig

or initialize environment variables like

	LD_LIBRARY_PATH		(Linux)
	SHLIB_PATH		(HP-UX)
	LIB_PATH		(AIX? Solaris?)
	DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH	(OS X)

for the OS loader to be able to properly resolve the dependency.
